The official home of Xbox on YouTube. When everyone plays, we all win.

"The only place on the internet where you can find world-class reveals, and random community tab drawings."

ESRB Rating: RATING PENDING to MATURE

We try our best to read every comment, and are always looking for the next opportunity to interact with our fans. That being said, the following community guidelines still apply:

Harassment is not acceptable. Cause for deletion of comments include, but is not limited to:
Verbal harassment;
Intimidation or threats;
Racist language;
Stalking; and/or
Sexually explicit, suggestive, or provocative language.

TL;DR - Keep it positive. Memes encouraged."Xbox One" "xbox 360" xbox "xbox live xbox e3" e3 "e3 xbox e3 kinect for xbox 360" "project natal" project natal JUMP FORCE - Yoruichi Teaser Trailer Hellpoint - "Arena" | Free Update Out Now! Catch Up On Game Updates and Holiday Events | This Week on Xbox Star Trek Online | House Shattered Launch Trailer DRAGON BALL FighterZ - Super Baby 2 Trailer Dead Cells Fatal Falls DLC Gameplay Trailer Override 2: Super Mech League - Launch Trailer Shady Part of Me Overwatch Winter Wonderland | Overwatch Seasonal Event ONE PIECE: PIRATE WARRIORS 4 - Character Pack 3 Trailer Minecraft Community Celebration: Bloom Trailer Spacebase Startopia Xbox Preview Launch Trailer Gamers Outreach and Gal Gadot Paladins - Yagorath Reveal Trailer Minecraft Community Celebration: Farm Life Trailer World of Warships: Legends – December Update Overview Rogue Company: Sigrid Character Cinematic New SMITE God Reveal: Tiamat Neverwinter: Sharandar Official Announce Trailer Halo: The Master Chief Collection - The Ultimate Halo Experience NBA 2K21 MyTEAM: The Return Warface: Breakout – Cold Sun Trailer | Available now Neoverse Launch Trailer HITMAN 3 – Shaping the Narrative (Developer Insights) Windbound - Dev Diary: The Music Overwatch Kanezaka Challenge | Overwatch Micro-Event Train Sim World 2: LGV Méditerranée - Out Now Xbox - January 2021 Games with Gold Secret Neighbor Winter Holidays Update 10 Things to Know About Your Xbox | This Week on Xbox Football Manager 2021: Xbox Edition | Play it Now Xbox: Beyond Generations - Connecting Young and Old Through Gaming Call of Duty®: Black Ops Cold War Reloaded Apex Legends Fight Night Collection Event Trailer Black Desert: Nova Update Official Trailer The Medium - Official Live Action Trailer Monster Train Xbox Launch Trailer World of Tanks: Action Heroes - The Draugen Challenge Xbox 2020 – Year In Review Little Nightmares II - Lost In Transmission - Demo Release Microsoft Flight Simulator - Let It Snow Red vs Blue Prepare for Master Chiefs Arrival THANK YOU!! from Xbox Game Pass – 2020 Edition Green Arrow Arrives on the Island for Fortnite Crew Members Minecraft Community Celebration: Terra Swoop Force Trailer Puyo Puyo Tetris 2 | New Content Trailer The Medium - Official 14-Minute Gameplay Immortals Fenyx Rising - Xbox Series X Features Presentation Operation Snowdown Begins in Fortnite NBA 2K21: Next Gen is Game See the legendary Shinigami’s masterful Hakuda and Shunko techniques in action! Players who purchase Character Pass 2 for will immediately unlock Todoroki, Meruem and Hiei, and gain early access to Yoruichi and the fifth DLC character as they release.

https://www.microsoft.com/p/jump-force-characters-pass-2/9ng062dp3rx7 Hellpoint, a dark and brutal sci-fi action/RPG, now features PvP arena to test your mettle against other players online and climb up the leaderboards!

https://www.microsoft.com/p/hellpoint/9nt99f4gcvc4 This week we check out some of the great news from The Game Awards, celebrate new Xbox Game Pass additions, and get ready for the holidays.
0:00 Introduction
0:13 Microsoft Flight Simulator
0:40 Dragon Age
0:56 Mass Effect
1:15 Werewolf: The Apocalypse - Earthblood
1:40 The Elder Scrolls Online
1:50 MXGP 2020
2:09 Xbox Game Pass
2:48 It Takes Two
3:10 OUTRIDERS
3:20 NieR Replicant ver.1.22474487139… 
3:35 State of Decay 2
3:57 PUBG
4:13 Torchlight III
4:27 Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War
4:46 Train Sim World 2
5:00 Fallout 76
5:16 Necromunda: Underhive Wars
5:28 Rogue Company
5:38 Spellbreak
5:48 Minecraft
6:07 Forza Street
6:24 Destiny 2
6:40 Overwatch
6:52 World of Tanks
7:02 Borderlands 3
7:12 Hyper Scape
7:24 Countdown Sale
7:43 Free Play Days

Subscribe to Xbox 🎮 https://xbx.lv/2EEjmaR 
 
FOLLOW XBOX
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Xbox 
Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/Xbox 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/Xbox The next major story update for Star Trek Online, House Shattered, is here. Falsely accused of a crime you didn't commit, you are on the run, and attempting to clear your name. Starring J.G. Hertzler as Martok, Robert O'Reilly as Aakar, and Rekha Sharma as Adet'pa, this update also includes a new TFO, and the brand new Experimental Ship Upgrade System. Available now. Beware all Saiyans! Super Baby 2 is joining the DRAGON BALL FighterZ and he is out for revenge! Play Super Baby 2 early by purchasing the Season Pass 3. 

https://www.microsoft.com/p/dragon-ball-fighterz/bzrk5c951kk7 Introducing more brand new content for Dead Cells!

Leap across the floating islands of The Fractured Shrines, descend a stormy cliff face in The Undying Shores and conquer a new green-fingered boss in fresh mid-game content designed to expand the Dead Cells universe and add variety to runs for people who want to support the development of the game.

Play through:

- The Fractured Shrines: A set of floating islands, home to a vicious pagan cult, connected by precarious aerial ledges littered with traps and deadly drops.

- The Undying Shores: A sea cliff dotted with caves that hide some strange experiments & undead healers, all caught in the middle of a tempest.
- The Mausoleum: This ruin is now the home of a gardener who absolutely adores flowers and mushrooms, unfortunately you are neither of those things...

The two new levels and their monsters are alternatives to Stilt Village/Clock Tower and Slumbering Sanctuary/Forgotten Sepulcher, with the boss designed to be on par with The Time Keeper. Override 2: Super Mech League is now available! Play it now.
 
Climb the ranks in Override 2’ all-new career mode, Leagues, or play with friends in a variety of game modes including 1v1, 2v2, Control, and Xenoswarm. Brawl with 20 original mechs, each with their own style and special abilities as you dominate in the arena!  
 
Override 2: ULTRAMAN Deluxe Edition includes the base game and the season pass which contains four characters from the hit series ULTRAMAN: Ultraman, Dan Moroboshi, Black King, and Bemular! 

https://www.microsoft.com/p/override-2-super-mech-league-ultraman-edition-pre-order-bundle/9nk65dpf5qbf Shady Part of Me celebrates its launch with an accolade trailer and a time limited 10% launch discount! 

Shady Part of Me sends you on an emotional and dream-like
journey, with breathtaking artistic direction and the enthralling
voice of Hannah Murray (Game of Thrones, Skins).

As a little girl and her shadow, overcome emotional struggles
through surreal dreamscapes across a touching narrative filled with
twists and surprises. Both must learn, cooperate and evolve to
progress in a poetic journey. Sleigh What?! Winter Wonderland is back! Unwrap a winter-themed of cosmetics, win weekly rewards, and freeze your foes in the new 4v4 game mode, Freezethaw Elimination! Yule wont want to miss this – Winter Wonderland ends on January 5. Play as 3 Samurais from the Land of Wano! Kin'emon, Okiku and Kozuki Oden join the One Piece: Pirate Warriors 4 roster! Download these 3 characters and unlock 6 more by purchasing the Character Pass!

https://www.microsoft.com/p/one-piece-pirate-warriors-4/9n6hb778zwp2 Enter a tranquil forest and discover a garden long abandoned. Outfitted as the new groundskeeper, you are ready to restore the estate to its former beauty. Discover and grow over 30 magical plants using all new 3D items. Customize your world with dozens of craftable 3D decorations. You can also repair, upgrade, and design the garden of your dreams!

Get the Bloom map for free in the Marketplace today as part of our Community Celebration! https://www.minecraft.net/article/community-celebration-bloom

AUDIO DESCRIPTION: https://youtu.be/pcN768o8Yew Spacebase Startopia's Xbox Preview is now live.  As Commander, manage and entertain aliens with trade and tourism, beware of space pirates and prevail against your competitors. Gal Gadot shares Gamers Outreach and Xbox are gifting 10 Gamers outreach go karts, outfitted with Xbox Series S, Custom WW Controllers and HBO Max subscriptions to Children's hospitals around the US and showing Wonder Women 1984 with the HBO Max starting on 12/25/2020. Yagorath the Devourer, the newest Paladins Champion, arrives February 2021 with the Season 4: Calamity update! Unleashed by the harbinger Vora, Yagorath invades the Realm with one terrifying purpose: Consume all life.

https://www.microsoft.com/p/paladins/c4pz0v39gxn2 Welcome to Farm Life! Work hard by tending your fields, harvesting your crops, and producing food. Upgrade equipment, explore the town, and work with vehicles, attachments, and tools. Discover new blocks, farming items, crops, and fruit trees. Get the Farm Life map for free in the Marketplace today as part of our Community Celebration!

AUDIO DESCRIPTION: https://youtu.be/ZTV3Y-KrDjg The December Update to World of Warships: Legends is here for the holidays! Check out their new trailer to learn about the new campaign, events, additions, and more! Rogue Company's newest Rogue Sigrid is fearless and ready for action. Play Free Now!

https://www.xbox.com/games/rogue-company Tiamat, SMITE's first Babylonian God, kicks off Season 8 by cleansing the Battleground of Cthulhu's destruction; however, in doing so she reshapes the world in her own image, redesigning the SMITE map for Season 8.

https://www.microsoft.com/p/smite/c2mhs238pdns A darkness has settled across the Feywild! On March 9, face new threats and adventures in Neverwinter: Sharandar. 

Coming soon. Six titles, one epic saga. Halo: The Master Chief Collection - Optimized for Xbox Series X|S and PC - Available Now. The NBA is back in MyTEAM Season 4. The Return celebrates the new NBA season and Kevin Durant's return to the NBA. Start with Free Agent Kevin Durant, complete new NBA-themed Weekly & Moments Challenges and a new Domination tier. Find new Heat Check and Series II cards and earn your way to Galaxy Opal Kawhi Leonard. Prepare for ice-cold action! The new season of Breakout introduces the new multiplayer map - Outskirts. In Cold Sun players will also see reimagined weapon scopes, newly added weapon trinkets, as well as new weapon and character skins and victory poses. Card Actions, Don't lose your tension.
Build a deck that suits your needs!
Lady luck smiles to the smartest deck.

Trailer includes gameplay footage that was captured on PC. The team at IO Interactive share insights into HITMAN 3's story and talk about what players can expect from the conclusion of the World of Assassination Trilogy. (No spoilers).

https://www.microsoft.com/store/p/hitman-3-deluxe-edition/9nnrgsss2vs3 From snorting into a bucket, to recording the sound of his own footsteps along the banks of Sydney’s Parramatta River, Zander Hulmes went the extra mile to deliver an organic rack of SFX and a beautiful sound track for Windbound, driven by its procedurally generated world and player interactions.

Its iconic music and sounds have already resonated among the growing number of Windbound fans, a tribute to the immense love and care that went into it. But developing a track that’s driven by the procedurally generated nature of the world wasn’t easy.

Here’s our very own Zander Hulmes, Composer for Windbound, giving the inside scoop on what it took to craft the music of Windbound.


Don´t miss the latest game updates like New Nautilus Key Towers, Free Sailing Mode, Night Stalker Skin granting new abilities and much more! 

#windbound #BraveTheStorm #5LivesStudios #DeepSilver

https://www.microsoft.com/p/windbound/9nmtzwkl8cgm Unleash the storm!

Play the new map and earn new rewards, including Kyōgisha Hanzo, by winning games and watching Overwatch on Twitch. Grab your bow and storm into Overwatch’s Kanezaka Challenge RIGHT NOW! Experience the excitement of high-speed rail, aboard the iconic TGV® Duplex, through sun-soaked Southern France with Train Sim World 2: LGV Méditerranée. Available now.

https://www.microsoft.com/p/train-sim-world-2-lgv-mediterranee-marseille-avignon/9n2jq97q6hfp Play together with Xbox Live Gold and Xbox Game Pass Ultimate. January's 2021 Games with Gold lineup includes the Xbox One titles, Little Nightmares and Dead Rising, and through backwards compatibility, the Xbox 360 title, The King of Fighters XIII and the original Xbox title, Breakdown. January's lineup provides over $79 dollars in value and up to 3000 in gamerscore. 

https://www.xbox.com/live/gold?xr=shellnav#gameswithgold Winter is fun: have an epic snowball fight, build a snowman and sneak into original Neighbor's House with your friends! In this special holiday episode, we run through 10 great tips for your Xbox Series X|S and Xbox One, followed by fresh news.
0:00 Introduction
0:19 Home Xbox
1:04 Create Groups
1:42 Xbox Mobile Apps
2:33 Console Power
2:50 Storage
4:02 Music
4:22 Achievement Tracker
4:44 Game Stats
5:03 Video and Audio
5:50 Looking for Group
6:23 Family Settings App
6:48 Override 2: Super Mech League
7:13 Xbox Game Pass Ultimate
7:38 Games with Gold
7:57 World of Warships: Legends
8:05 World of Tanks
8:13 Black Desert
8:23 ARK: Survival Evolved
8:37 Secret Neighbor
8:54 Countdown Sale

Subscribe to Xbox 🎮 https://xbx.lv/2EEjmaR 
 
FOLLOW XBOX
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Xbox 
Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/Xbox 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/Xbox The world’s favorite football management game returns to console for the first time in over a decade. FM21: Xbox Edition thrusts you onto the big stage with a bespoke version of the game carefully crafted for effortless performance with the Xbox controller. Loneliness has become a huge issue amongst the older generation.
Not only does it make you feel isolated from the world, but it also has a serious impact on health and mental wellbeing.
 
This is the story of Howard & Dhillon.
Howard and his grandson Dhillon used to be close but drifted apart as Dhillon grew up.
Follow their journey and see how an Xbox helped bridge the divide and enabled them to reconnect through gaming.

Subscribe to Xbox 🎮 https://xbx.lv/2EEjmaR 

FOLLOW XBOX
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Xbox 
Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/Xbox 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/Xbox The biggest year of Black Ops begins now.

Jump into Season One of #BlackOpsColdWar and #Warzone today. 

Save up to 25% on a digital edition of Black Ops Cold War until 1/3/2021. Load up like never before in Airdrop Escalation Takeover, bare-knuckle brawl in Pathfinder’s Town Takeover, and collect 24 Limited Items!
Step into the ring in the Fight Night Collection Event. Earn free rewards and shop 24 event-limited cosmetics that'll have you dressed to the nines! Get them all to unlock the new Gibraltar Heirloom. It’s raining supply drops in the new Airdrop Escalation Takeover, so load up on killer new loadouts. Drop your guns and raise your fists in Pathfinder’s Town Takeover. And make friends with the MRVNs on Olympus for lovely new loot rewards! Put ‘em up, Legends, there’s one heck of a fight coming.

Apex Legends™ is a free-to-play battle royale game where legendary characters battle for glory, fame, and fortune on the fringes of the Frontier. 

Play for free now. The New Star of Calpheon, Nova, is Finally Here!
Global Release for All Black Desert Platforms. FREE UPDATE NOW!

#BlackDesert #Nova

https://www.xbox.com/games/black-desert It all starts with a dead girl… Enter the disturbing and uncanny worlds of The Medium in the brand-new Live Action Trailer created in cooperation with Platige Image and Oscar nominee Tomasz Bagiński.

Get a glimpse of the mystery only a medium can solve before The Medium launches January 28th, 2021. Monster Train is a strategic roguelike deck building game with a twist. Set on a train to hell, you’ll use tactical decision making to defend multiple vertical battlegrounds. With real time competitive multiplayer and endless replayability, Monster Train is always on time. Show you've got what it takes by conquering the Draugen Challenge in World of Tanks: Action Heroes. Nobody will be able to question your prowess when you arrive on the battlefield in this elite machine! Happy New Year, everyone. Stay Safe. 

Subscribe to Xbox 🎮 https://xbx.lv/2EEjmaR 

FOLLOW XBOX: 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Xbox 
Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/Xbox 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/Xbox

AUDIO DESCRIPTION: https://youtu.be/8wSdCHahYUE Less than 30 days remain until Little Nightmares II is available everywhere and your journey to the Pale City begins. It's time to start training.
 
Download the Little Nightmares II demo today, and explore the Wilderness for yourself, for free.
 
Good luck, children. You'll need it. Happy New Year from Microsoft Flight Simulator. 

Get it Now on Windows 10, Xbox Game Pass for PC, and Steam: https://www.xbox.com/games/microsoft-flight-simulator

AUDIO DESCRIPTION: https://youtu.be/Unwft07B07Q Join Grif and Sarge as they prepare for the Master Chief's visit. Along the way, the two are joined by some new faces who just might teach them some new things. Just taking a moment to look back and appreciate all the members of our community who helped build Xbox Game Pass – ranging from games, perks, and beyond!

Subscribe to Xbox 🎮 https://xbx.lv/2EEjmaR 

Learn more about Xbox Game Pass: https://www.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-game-pass 

FOLLOW XBOX:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Xbox 
Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/Xbox 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/Xbox

AUDIO DESCRIPTION: https://youtu.be/fZDwv3mcy1U Expert archer Green Arrow will join the Fortnite Crew in January’s Pack featuring his iconic look as well as the Tactical Quiver Back Bling plus Style and Boxing Glove Pickaxe. Thirty years ago, the Terra Scooper bore-drill and its entire crew mysteriously vanished. Step into your Thermal Flight Armor and begin your journey into the center of the Earth on your quest for answers! Play solo or multiplayer today in this action-packed adventure map. Get Terra Swoop Force for free in the Marketplace as part of our Community Celebration!

AUDIO DESCRIPTION: https://youtu.be/EzY2g_iDm80 Sonic's the name, Puyo is the game! Starting today, Sonic the Hedgehog, Lidelle, Ms. Accord, and Ocean Prince join the playable cast of Puyo Puyo Tetris 2. Try them out in the new Co-Op Boss Raid mode, also available today! Chili dogs not included. Take an extended look at the gameplay of The Medium, a one of its kind horror game where you can play in the real world and the spirit world at the same time. Travel to an abandoned and haunted hotel resort to discover a mystery only a medium can solve.

The Medium launches  January 28th, 2021. Discover the Xbox Series X features & gameplay of Immortals Fenyx Rising. 

Take on mythological beasts, master the legendary powers of the gods and defeat Typhon, in an epic fight for the ages.

Immortals Fenyx Rising is available now.

https://www.microsoft.com/p/immortals-fenyx-rising/c07kjzrh0l7s Tis the season for free rewards, fan-favorite LTMs and plenty of snow-filled holiday cheer! 

Operation Snowdown has arrived! Starting now through January 5, 2021, login each day to earn free rewards and play in returning LTMs. The NBA Season is BACK! Celebrate the return of the NBA in Next Gen NBA 2K21.platformer Japan Map new games zoro mfx 2020 UPDATE Mono SEGA #simulation Game Pass Master Chief phoenix crossover Battle Royale #KalypsoMedia Red Vs Blue MFS Apex Legends Airdrop halo game pass gears 5 Tarsier Six Backward Compatibility Black Ops sanji mfs 2020 ACTION GAME Story member Quiver Stitch strategy Raven Fortnite game pass perks MyTEAM New Season baby gods & monsters Action Apex Legends Season 7 Hero Shooter Person flight sim 2020 classic Halo fighting game Horror wano Cold War galaxy Xbox Game Pass Ultimate Russia castlevania ori World of Warships: Legends xcloud Treyarch saiyan cloud Hero Abilities Russel Adler tsw Smite xgp ultimate Gilgamesh Rambo Football Manager 21 Stealth Paladins Japan Apex Legends Fight Night Black Ops Cold War NBA 2K21 Star Trek Online Warzone greek nami gameplay gods and monsters Infinite super Multiplayer Game Blood Gulch year in review trailer france Champion World mfs simulator Minecraft Community Celebration thank you deluxe edition Tanks Future kinemon pink diamond 2021 #xboxone Rukia NBA2K21 Shooter Apex Legends Trident Kanezaka Map #Kalypso RPG GAME sailing Sea Oden Artistic Direction Cinematic gt Basketball mfs sim asobo Heroes Override 2 Season 4 Puyo year in search Medium Halo PC and usopp #adventuregame Season 5 Halo MCC PC Team Game flight siim asosbo super mech league Season 8 microsoft flight simulator 2020 Duplex Xbox Live Gold Blizzard Littles Nightmares luffy Battlefield Apex Legends Ascension ultraman edition Call of Duty halo alexey pajitnov Little Nightmares II HelloNeighbor Tetris Perseus microsoft flight sim SNCF MMO Community Celebration MFS console Puzzle gaming Deckbuilding Sci-Fi Light & Shadow action game Blizzard Entertainment monsters Rogue Company Plissken mfs sim broly Yagorath Football Manager 2021 Xbox 360 Hanzo Map 343 Industries fenyx phil spencer developer insights Anime samurai Minecraft Gameplay Season 1 achievement unlocked Third Halo Spacebase Startopia dlc #videogames #retrogaming FM2021. ea Litle Nightmares II Boxing Gloves monster Braddock Kara V Bucks Apex Legends vehicles Operation Snowdown January Games with Gold Apex Legends new season #Xbox multiplayer Galaxy Opal mech fighter Hannah Murray g&m microsoft flight sim 2020 female protagonist Football Manager Breakdown postlaunch dragon quest Holiday FPS Respawn Apex Legends metroidvania OG Halo marseille Adventure cloud gaming halo infinite Electronic Arts asobo studios Multiplayer Little Nightmares 2 XBOX RPG Bloober Team Xbox Live Ultimate FM BDO music single-player XBOX xbox fridge basketball videogame ball train microsoft fligh sim Wargaming pc 2020 CROSSPLAY Neverwinter game subscription Naval Action boat gods&monsters King of Fighters next gen tsw2 microsoft flight simulator Kanezaka Challenge mediterranee Xbox Game Pass city-builder Platformer xbox game pass mfs flight mech video game bball Green Arrow mfx flight Christmas mythology Apex Legends game Team-Based Shooter mfx simulator Action Game Shady Part of Me Cryptic Studios event Apex Legends Clubs First-Person Shooter One piece Dragon ball Z Objective-Based Game Reach Master Chief Collection Flight Sim Console Edition Respawn Entertainment Flight simulator Apex Legends Xbox age of empires Near-Future french god Dual Reality Ranked Season 7 cyberpunk 2077 deckbuilding Draugen evolution Apex Games Event bungie MMORPG TGV Namco xbox one Rebirth Island survival Battle Pass mfs sim 2020 Snake recap exploration crafting appreciation roguelike Objective-Based Shooter free video games gohan FM21 future of gaming Xbox Gold Calamity Ichigo Halo MCC Steam SecretNeighbor okiku World of Warships Crew Pack Gods game Creative Mystery override 2 super mech league Games with Gold NBA celebration Xbox One S sonic Winter Wonderland Rogue lite sonic the hedgehog xbox series x android Xbox One announcement Overwatch event Neoverse Xbox Series X Bleach Tiamat Xbox Strategy Puyo Puyo Tetris 2 Horrror xgp Dead Rising stranded new year immortal Nova 6 Card battler Apex Legends Pathfinder Pathfinder Town Takeover Season 7 Battle Pass #strategygame update flight sim microsoft modus games goku Wargaming Saint Petersburg simulator NOVA Tarsier Studios PPT2 space pirates New Year Deals with Gold Babylon xbox series s fligh sim xbox fenyx rising hitman 3 hoops xbox seris x Jump Force Little Nightmares immortals Gal Gadot NBA 2K Hero Wonder Woman 1984 montage Xbox One Backward Compatibility Windbound mfx sin xbox Indie January video game #gamer Hanzo Gamers Outreach PPT Indie Game Litle Nightmares 2 roguelite gods console The King of Fighters XIII LTM card game Overwatch Event | Kanezaka Cross-Platform avignon mech brawler adventure BLACK DESERT ONLINE Overwatch Yoruichi BLOPS mfx xbox Xbox Series S LN2 LGV rising Warfare BLACK DESERT phenix #beta vegeta Bandai Halo MCC